the water means the Buffalo have to slow
down and break their stride they can get
injured or a calf separated from its
mother
[Music]
for some reason storm in his offspring
are letting the Buffalo go but the big
female wolf doesn't want to give up
and it looks like she's seen something
the other wolves have missed one of the
calves is lagging behind even with the
calves the Wolves find it difficult to
make a clean kill she has to work
quickly because the mother Buffalo will
soon come back looking for her calf
[Music]
if the Buffalo can get back in time
there's a chance she can still save her
calf
[Music]
in these situations it's hard to know
who to hope for this mother Buffalo and
are injured calf or the female wolf with
hungry pups at the den
[Music]